Adding Hugo headers for contributor site (#5658)
kubernetes/community: values.md

> # Kubernetes Community Values

Reviewer: Doh, I missed this when looking at it yesterday. Like the mentoring doc, we still want to have this as it lives in both places =/

Author: Soz! I'm reverting the deletion!

title: "Kubernetes Community Values"
weight: 2
description: |

>   These are the values that allow the community to function at its best.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The Kubernetes Community values are the keystone to the ongoing success of the project. These principles guide every aspect of the Kubernetes project.
```
This wording is what we use on the main k8s.io page: https://kubernetes.io/community/
